d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi.deps.json
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi.dll
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi.pdb
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Common.Utility.Settings.Api.dll
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Domain.Model.Common.dll
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Domain.Model.Configuration.dll
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Domain.Model.EntityGroup.dll
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Domain.Model.Settings.Api.dll
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Domian.Constant.Settings.Api.dll
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Helper.Api.dll
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Helper.Configuration.dll
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Settings.Api.dll
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Domain.Model.Common.pdb
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Domain.Model.EntityGroup.pdb
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Helper.Api.pdb
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Settings.Api.pdb
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Domain.Model.Settings.Api.pdb
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Helper.Configuration.pdb
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Domain.Model.Configuration.pdb
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Common.Utility.Settings.Api.pdb
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Domian.Constant.Settings.Api.pdb
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi.dll
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Helper.SomeApi.pdb
