d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Settings.Api\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Settings.Api.deps.json
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Settings.Api\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Settings.Api.dll
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Settings.Api\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Settings.Api.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Settings.Api\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Settings.Api.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Settings.Api\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Settings.Api.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Settings.Api\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Settings.Api.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Settings.Api\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Settings.Api.pdb
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Settings.Api\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Common.Utility.Settings.Api.dll
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Settings.Api\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Domain.Model.Configuration.dll
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Settings.Api\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Domain.Model.Settings.Api.dll
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Settings.Api\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Domian.Constant.Settings.Api.dll
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Settings.Api\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Helper.Api.dll
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Settings.Api\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Helper.Configuration.dll
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Settings.Api\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Common.Utility.Settings.Api.pdb
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Settings.Api\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Domian.Constant.Settings.Api.pdb
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Settings.Api\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Domain.Model.Settings.Api.pdb
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Settings.Api\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Helper.Configuration.pdb
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Settings.Api\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Domain.Model.Configuration.pdb
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Settings.Api\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Helper.Api.pdb
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Settings.Api\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Settings.Api.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Settings.Api\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Settings.Api.dll
d:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CSharpBits\CSharpBits.Settings.Api\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\CSharpBits.Settings.Api.pdb
